we're here at lawyer Pickering a white
showing the 401 right here we have a
brand new 2014 GMC Acadia SLT the
exterior color is summit white it's an
all wheel drive and it has an automatic
transmission let's start off this
demonstration by sitting in the driver's
seat on the front driver and passenger
sides in the Acadia you have 8 way power
adjustable seats with 2 a lumbar support
the seats are leather appointed on the
driver door you have power windows
mirrors and locks the steering wheel is
leather wrapped with hands-free controls
cruise control on the left side and on
the right side you have the stereo
controls you have shifters behind there
that controls the volume on your tent
speaker sound system Driver Information
Center behind the steering wheel and you
have plenty of storage options within
the Acadia on the center armrest it can
slide forwards and backwards you push
this button it gives you a small amount
of storage and you can slide this
backwards and you have a pin and
underneath there you have a 12-volt
power outlet storage on the dash as well
press this button you find a USB port
you have an axillary port down here as
well beside the CD player on the
IntelliLink screen you can control your
navigation you have tri-zone automatic
climate control your mirror is auto
dimming you find your own star controls
is there as well
Universal home remote and the controls
for the power slide and tilt sunroof
with the Sun sheet at the front of the
Acadia you find halogen projector beam
headlamps with fog lamps as well you'll
see some of the safety features include
a camera here at the top that's for your
Ford
alert and lane departure warning 19-inch
machined aluminum wheels heated manual
folding mirrors with turn signal
indicators and a blind spot mirror you
have deep tinted glass behind the front
two doors roof side rails and the back
you have a power liftgate
and some of the safety features include
the rear vision camera underneath here
and you have sensors here in the back
for your Park Assist and this comes with
the towing package as well I'll just
open this up pull things up by itself
and with those seats fold it down in the
second row as well you get a maximum of
a 116 cubic feet of space you have some
extra storage in here as well and you
get a power outlet in the second row the
Acadia you have smart sliding seats by
just pulling this lever here you can
fold it right up and you can easily
access the third row the third row has a
bench seat that has a 60/40 split that
also folds down as well and by bringing
this back
you can also pull this strap here and
fold up by itself you can see here that
there's child seat anchors on the back
of the seats on the roof
you have another sunroof that has a
sunshade it's fixed on the center
console you can control your audio and
your air conditioning there's two
exhilarates there for headphones you
have two USB ports that are charged only
in the center and you also have a power
outlet there as well the air bags a
unique feature about the AKD is that the
front center seats have a side-impact
air bag that'll prevent the front driver
and passenger from colliding and you
also have the side impact airbags on the
other sides of the seats as well and you
know the side curtain airbags that run
from front to back covering all three
rows under the hood of the Acadia you
have a pretty neat setup here it's got a
3.6 liter v6 engine with direct
injection and variable valve timing
that'll get you a fuel economy highway
fuel economy of 8.8 liters 400
kilometers another warranty you get with
GMC vehicles is a three year or 60,000
kilometers bumper to bumper a five year
or 160 thousand kilometers powertrain
and a two year or 40,000 kilometers
maintenance package that concludes our
video demonstration of this GMC Acadia
SLT come check it out a Boyar Pickering
at white road in the 401